content/about-me.md, before:

---
title: "About Me"
date: 
# weight: 1
# aliases: ["/first"]
tags: [""]
categories: ["", ""]
author: "Me"
# author: ["Me", "You"] # multiple authors
showToc: false
TocOpen: false
draft: false
hidemeta: false
comments: false
description: ""
#canonicalURL: "https://canonical.url/to/page"
disableHLJS: true # to disable highlightjs
disableShare: false
disableHLJS: false
hideSummary: false
searchHidden: true
ShowReadingTime: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: true
ShowPostNavLinks: true
cover:
    image: "img/about-me/eac.png" # image path/url
    alt: "<alt text>" # alt text
    caption: "<text>" # display caption under cover
    relative: false # when using page bundles set this to true
    hidden: false # only hide on current single page
#editPost:
#    URL: "https://github.com/burakibis/buraste.com.git/content"
#    Text: "Suggest Changes" # edit text
#    appendFilePath: true # to append file path to Edit link
---

Hello It's me, Burak 👋

For small part of my life, I lived what like they want. The day I realised this was not my life, I changed. Ever since I changed they (still) said "It's not true". They told me that everything I owned, worked, earned, learned would go to waste, especially my CV 😂. It's really.. 

My manager at my old company (that is biggest company in Turkey) said If I leave the job, I fail to keep up on business life and companies never hire me. After 1 years, I started my first company. Right now, I have own "companies" those have employees.

Fuck all of CVs, biggest companies, idiot managers and their hierarchy! ⚔️
Make your road.

This is my personal blog where I talk about coding, entrepreneurship, life hacks, problems, answers, ideas. I am silent performer not an entrepreneur. I spent a long time without do anything, especially at university. Because I did not know about what I want, what I can. I tried a lot of things. Today I know that I want and I am walking on my way.

I have a condition called [_Dissociative Amnesia_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychogenic_amnesia).
That's why I write so that I don't forget.
I gave up so much to learn, I don't have time for trying again 🧠 

Here is my learned favorite or not favorite, master or newbie skills:

### Tech Skills
#### Software

-- Python: Django, Flask

-- PHP: Laravel, CodeIgniter, WordPress (I love WordPress)

-- JavaScript: NodeJS, ReactJS, GatsbyJS

-- GO: Hugo (This blog made with Hugo 🎉)

-- Ruby: Jekyll

-- Linux: Ubuntu Server, Fedora

#### Tools for Coding

-- VSCode, Vim, oh my zsh

### DevOps

-- nginx, Apache2

-- VMware

-- Docker

## Monitoring

-- Zabbix

..coming soon


{{< timeline_clean >}}

Commit message:

Add new skills to about me page, add new photos to about me page

content/about-me.md, after:

---
title: "About Me"
date: 
# weight: 1
# aliases: ["/first"]
tags: [""]
categories: ["", ""]
author: "Me"
# author: ["Me", "You"] # multiple authors
showToc: false
TocOpen: false
draft: false
hidemeta: false
comments: false
description: ""
#canonicalURL: "https://canonical.url/to/page"
disableHLJS: true # to disable highlightjs
disableShare: false
disableHLJS: false
hideSummary: false
searchHidden: true
ShowReadingTime: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: true
ShowPostNavLinks: true
cover:
    image: "img/about-me/eac.png" # image path/url
    alt: "<alt text>" # alt text
    caption: "<text>" # display caption under cover
    relative: false # when using page bundles set this to true
    hidden: false # only hide on current single page
#editPost:
#    URL: "https://github.com/burakibis/buraste.com.git/content"
#    Text: "Suggest Changes" # edit text
#    appendFilePath: true # to append file path to Edit link
---

Hello It's me, Burak 👋

For small part of my life, I lived what like they want. The day I realised this was not my life, I changed. Ever since I changed they (still) said "It's not true". They told me that everything I owned, worked, earned, learned would go to waste, especially my CV 😂. It's really.. 

My manager at my old company (that is biggest company in Turkey) said If I leave the job, I fail to keep up on business life and companies never hire me. After 1 years, I started my first company. Right now, I have own "companies" those have employees.

Fuck all of CVs, biggest companies, idiot managers and their hierarchy! ⚔️
Make your road.

This is my personal blog where I talk about coding, entrepreneurship, life hacks, problems, answers, ideas. I am silent performer not an entrepreneur. I spent a long time without do anything, especially at university. Because I did not know about what I want, what I can. I tried a lot of things. Today I know that I want and I am walking on my way.

I have a condition called [_Dissociative Amnesia_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychogenic_amnesia).
That's why I write so that I don't forget.
I gave up so much to learn, I don't have time for trying again 🧠 

Here is my learned favorite or not favorite, master or newbie skills:

### Tech Skills
#### Software:

-- Python: Django, Flask

-- PHP: Laravel, CodeIgniter, WordPress (I love WordPress)

-- JavaScript: NodeJS, ReactJS, GatsbyJS, NextJS

-- GO: Hugo (This blog made with Hugo 🎉)

-- Ruby: Jekyll

-- Linux: Ubuntu Server, Fedora

#### Tools for Coding:

-- VSCode, Vim, oh my zsh

#### DevOps:

-- nginx, Apache2

-- Docker

#### Monitoring:

-- Zabbix

### Design/Photography Skills

#### Design:

-- Adobe: Photoshop, Lightroom (my besties)

-- CSS: Chakra UI, Tailwind

#### Photography:

I love analog photography 👰‍♀️ but for now I usually prefer digital photography based of product shoots. I prefer digital because analog photography is too much expensive, today. And in Turkey, I can't find fresh films and quality scan.

You can find few analog photos by taken me on [my Flickr 📷](https://www.flickr.com/photos/burakibis/).

{{< flickr-a-photo >}}



{{< timeline_clean >}}
